When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
  You would want to use a remote repository to share your work and collaborate with others.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay
up-to-date with your remote repository?
 You may have changes on a branch in your repository that you want to push the the remote
 repository. In this case, you wouldn't want the remote repository automatically updating
 your local repository.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
 A fork is used to create a copy of a repository to then modify independently on github.
 -> If I want a copy to work collaborate on without affecting the original.
 A clone is used to create a copy of a repository locally or between github and locally.
 -> If I want a copy to work on myself without affecting the original (or if I don't have permission)
 A branch is within a repository - either locally or on github.
 -> To make changes to a file in a repository (maintaining a history linkage, of course)

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
 It enables you to diff and to merge the commits between the two.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?
 To collaborate w/o Git or GitHub, you would need to exchange files - or work explicitly in different
 files in the overall project. You would need to collaborate via e-mail or verbally.
 You would need to exchange files and manually make the changes in them.
What would be easier, and what would be harder?
 It would be alot harder and would increase as more people are added to the project.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directory in master?
What benefits does each approach have?
You want to make changes in a separate branch so you don't disturb the master branch.
You can then test them, and also submit them for review w/o affecting the master branch.
The benefits of this approach is that the master is always 'correct' at least for the person
controlling it :) 
Also, it allows for 'many' branches to be created simultaneously and then merged as they are approved.
 
This is some additional text

